airgap existing cluster guide (#252)
replicatedhq/kots.io: content/vendor/guides/_index.md

###### [Manage Customer Entitlements](/vendor/guides/entitlements)

-->

## Advanced

#### [Airgapped Existing Cluster](/vendor/guides/airgapped-existing-cluster)

This guide covers an end-to-end example of deploying to an airgapped existing cluster with KOTS.

> It walks through all the steps to create an environment in GCP with an airgapped Kubernetes cluster, Docker registry, and workstation from which to do the deployment, plus a jump box / bastion for accessing the airgapped instances.

Reviewer: I stumbled a bit while reading the above sentence. I wonder if the following is a bit more clear. I made an attempt...
```suggestion
It walks through all the steps to create an airgapped environment in GCP, including the Kubernetes cluster setup, Docker Registry configuration, local workstation setup, and a jump box / bastion for accessing the airgapped instances.
```

> Our goal will be to mimicking an end-customers "existing cluster" setup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our goal will be to mimick an end-customers "existing cluster" setup.
```

> Once set up, we walk through the steps for validating the airgap and doing a KOTS installation to the "existing cluster" environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once set up, we walk through the steps for validating the environment is airgapped and the steps to perform a KOTS installation to the "existing cluster" environment.
```
